[Applause]
you know did you just come back from
bowling what's going on with the hand I
have now changed my career yes I am and
you know which fingers uni it looks like
that finger I can
it looks like the hand guard with
bowling yeah but it's not huh yeah it's
not as cool as I thought it was good
it's kind of cool I don't know I gosh
it's so stupid I did an action movie and
I tore the ligament off the bone
fighting a very big eye oh yeah that's
cool yeah is that a custom-made injury
glove because I've never seen one like
that no apparently it's not apparently
common focus though really well yeah
sounds like Rock what rocky wore in you
know it yeah I mean it's they take it's
like a fabric and then they mold it for
hours around your you didn't tell people
it from an injury if people would start
wearing those just as a fashion item why
not there's hard for girls to put their
arms through sleeves though that's the
only thing practical use is never really
a factor isn't it we wouldn't have high
heels if that was the case yeah well
it's very good to see you oh you also
just shot fast and furious number like
27 right you didn't have to oh I guess
you wouldn't you'd shift with your right
hand so you're okay I did that film
right after the old guard which was the
movie that I did this injury on I've
been walking around with this injury for
two months oh that house is that oh
really not all that and did not stop you
did enough pause you can fill me I
didn't know that it was anything I just
was like toughen up come on mm-hmm and
then I was told by doctor that it was
basically just floating around and I was
like oh that's interesting that's why
I've only been using these four fingers
yeah well that's probably the reason
right yeah yeah family how are they are
they've been taking advantage of you and
your weakened state they take advantage
of me no matter what I
the kids now so four and seven four and
seven okay
there yeah there are a lot right there a
lot we have to like kind of grown dogs
mm size grown dogs and just at a moment
of weakness I said yes to puppies oh you
did how many for the kids too
Oh cuz I was only gonna do one and then
the four-year-old was just like
devastated uh-huh
and so I said yes to oh wow so this is
this four-year-old should be your agent
because kids when one pup you know okay
one puppy is me giving in but two
puppies it's how my mom is not talking
to me right no because I don't have any
Oh your mom lives in the house with no
she doesn't live in the house with me
god I'm not that weird
[Applause]
your mom was very help no she does two
minutes okay all right she she's my only
help right now
uh-huh oh wow yeah she so he just
literally looked at me five days ago and
just really yeah and what's he gonna do
there there yeah I'm promoting two films
so yeah I'm buying a lot of flowers I
see yeah well yeah that's something for
the dogs to pee on really more than
anything yeah did the older dogs see the
younger dogs and go oh she got to to
replace us so the one dog is in complete
denial that there's two new dogs uh-huh
like Johnny Johnny is just like looks up
here there's nothing down here and
complete denial like and the other dog
is very suspicious but very sweet but
constantly inspecting they have been
sleeping on my bed for the last week
because I feel so guilty that I all
their dogs yeah because I just they're
really don't want him to feel like
they're being replaced even though they
really are
you know Wow and and we all are on the
way I want to ask you about a photo you
posted on Instagram
tell me now this is a Disneyland yeah
and they're zooming a little closer
because I don't think we can quite take
it all in all right so there you are
angry Ursula right next to me
uh-huh what's the theme here so we went
with a villain theme there was a big fat
memo sent out to everybody about this
villain theme to whom the family yeah
that everybody that's in that picture
including the grasshopper Firefly on the
end there
yeah that is the woman who birthed me
that your mother and what kind of a
villain is this I asked her the same
question she apparently has insight on a
new Disney villain that we don't know I
think so just gotta what is this she
went she went somewhere I just bought an
outfit and I threw the sheets remember
they're wrapping in my trash can and the
whole day at Disney she was telling me
she was a grasshopper and then I
actually saw the paper and I was like
you're a Firefly like you were you're
you didn't even go with the villain
theme and then you lied about the insect
that you actually lied about what insect
do you think she lied or she was just
confused because grass if you're going
for a villain I think a firefly is more
villainous than a grasshopper really I
would think the other way around
why presses they're just hopping in the
ground I say the ones that eat their
mates I'm not on being killers great
humor
run to the Google and see if we can
figure this out
okay very good he'll never be back he's
running to the tequila to figure it out
this is interesting too this is another
I guess is a costume in a way you're
doing a movie about a kebab show about
Roger Ailes and the women who blew the
whistle on him I guess and there you are
bombshell yeah playing megyn kelly yeah
which that's that's pretty remarkable
does she know about this she should be
very flattered by this oh stop yeah yeah
I know she's fully aware of it um we you
know it's it's interesting when you make
a movie like this you want to be
respectful to your sources and we did a
lot of research but I think as a team we
all kind of decided to just not get into
the ins and outs of what all of those
conversations were but she's fully aware
of the film oh and I'll be suing you
[Laughter]
where's cups are worse you send your
mother the grasshopper in there to teach
her a lesson
oh we come back we see a clip from the
movie The Addams Family Charlize Theron
is here with us Wednesday where have you
been elsewhere
what are you wearing
Parker calls it a pop of color well I
certainly appreciate a horse with a
spear through its head the color is that
she claims it brings out my smile
Wednesday you don't have a smile that's
right family Friday boy did you why did
you growing up in South Africa did you
see the Addams know it was such a weird
showed such a great show and I
discovered it later in my life and loved
all of those things yeah what about the
Munsters did you know about that one
no they were like kind of the same idea
not a good night but I grew up in South
Africa no ferry not a good time Yeah
right you missed all the good shows yeah
yeah a lot of other horrible thanks for
taking place so do your children
understand that mommy's voice is coming
out of that a new Morticia character yes
I think so yeah I mean my the the first
animated film I did was a film called
Kubo and the two strings and I didn't
tell them anything because I just wanted
them to enjoy the film and you know but
secretly I was like hoping they would
yeah yeah and within two seconds my the
oldest just went that's you that was it
huh I didn't get anything from my
daughter I played the dad and boss baby
and I just sat there through the film
staring after does that sound like
anyone you know it's it's it's really
embarrassing what I think about it but
you know I was really I mean this they
really loved this movie but I also think
my seven-year-old is a little bit more
and the accent was weird in right now so
they put it together and now they really
like it like they want me to like talk
like that although they do yeah did they
go to the premiere of the movie no we
had the premiere yesterday at like 1:00
which is like I guess enough of a sleep
end for Snoop Dogg oh yes nice cousin it
yeah that's a great that's good casting
cut snoopers cousin is such great
casting but I have to say just stole my
thunder oh he saw it and he literally
liked his character like shows up and a
pimp tried he gets out and literally my
four-year-old lost her mind
like I love the guy with the hair he's
barely speaking and he was high through
the whole thing so you got upstaged by
snoop well that's unfortunate so they
saw the movie where then so we um we
like I was very fortunate that the good
folks at IMAX put a screening together
for both my kids classes and yeah it was
like a it was amazing it was really
incredible but we had like a bunch of
kids show up absolutely other parents
way out of the water doesn't it I mean
[Laughter]
you probably don't have to do snacks or
anything anymore that's gonna hold you
for a while well it's great to see you
thank you for coming it's the
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on